I'm an advertising man another red
herring I've got a job a secretary a
mother two ex-wives and several
bartenders depended upon me and I don't
intend to disappoint them all by getting
myself slightly killed you can't fight
it Carrie
someone's out to get you by violence or
by abduction they'll even frame you for
murder so run for your life search for a
man who doesn't exist
a secret nobody knows and start a love
affair in an upper berth hello there
tell me why are you so good to me shall
I climb up and tell you what a train
maybe an old-fashioned way to make a
getaway but who wants to get away from
an exquisite inquisitive blonde how do I
know you aren't murdered
you don't even II st. seems to enjoy
Carrie's romantic performance but her
companion James Mason has other ideas
ask him Carrie apparently the only
performers that will satisfy you is when
I play dead
no very next role you'll be quite
convincing I'll show you
please many suppliers after another
adventurous carry romanced by the kind
of blonde that gets into a man's blood
even if she has to shoot her way in
you